upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityCreateEventBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityCreateEventBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ContingutDetallGrupCreadorBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ContingutDetallGrupCreadorBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/FragmentEsdevenimentsBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.FragmentEsdevenimentsBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityCreateGroupBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityCreateGroupBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/RecyclerviewEsdevenimentsModelBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.RecyclerviewEsdevenimentsModelBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/MessageItemBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.MessageItemBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/BuildConfig.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.BuildConfig
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityDetallGrupBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityDetallGrupBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityDetallsEsdevenimentBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityDetallsEsdevenimentBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/RecyclerviewGrupsModelBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.RecyclerviewGrupsModelBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/FragmentGrupsBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.FragmentGrupsBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/RecyclerviewModelBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.RecyclerviewModelBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/FragmentMeusGrupsEsdevenimentsBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.FragmentMeusGrupsEsdevenimentsBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ContingutDetallEsdevenimentBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ContingutDetallEsdevenimentBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/FragmentProBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.FragmentProBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/LlistaProBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.LlistaProBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ActivityDetallGrupCreadorBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ActivityDetallGrupCreadorBinding
upf/edu/squadfinder/databinding/ContingutDetallGrupBinding.java
 upf.edu.squadfinder.databinding.ContingutDetallGrupBinding
